[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[lighter clinks]
[suspenseful music]
[clinking continues]
[suspenseful music continues]
[clinks]
[tense music]
[tense music rises]
[in Italian]
Did Paolo send you?
Perhaps.
[gun cocks]
[mysterious music]
[Vincenzo grunts]
[groans]
[breathing heavily]
[scoffs]
[in Italian]
Paolo told me to give you a painless death
if you show respect to Paolo.
[scoffs]
Relay this message to Paolo.
I will not respect him…
even after I die.
[chuckles]
[gun cocks]
[pigeons cooing]
[whimsical music]
[wings flapping]
[suspenseful music]
[hooting]
[goon 1] Stop!
[gunshot]
[gunshots]
[both grunting]
-[yelps, groans]
-[bones crack]
[gunshots]
[suspenseful music]
[exhales]
-[Inzaghi coos]
-[panting]
[Inzaghi coos]
Inzaghi?
[coos]
Inzaghi.
[Inzaghi coos]
[coos, chirps]
[grand music]
[relieved sigh]
[grand music rises]
Oh, are we good to go up there?
EPISODE 15
-I did my best.
-Hmm.
Wait. Would you mind
if we went to the office instead?
The pigeons had been busy.
Droppings everywhere.
Let me take this.
I bet it was Inzaghi
and those other pigeons you put up with.
Inzaghi is a good pigeon.
He wouldn't do something like that to us.
Don't badmouth my bird.
It would hurt his feelings.
[light music]
You ruined your suit.
Oh, right. I think it must have ripped
when I moved the table.
Why did you move it?
We can drink standing up. Let's go.
-Uh, there's a problem.
-Hmm?
I pulled a muscle earlier.
I think I would feel better sitting down?
-[grunts]
-Fine.
[Cha-young] Hmm.
Did you, uh, have a chance to send
the file from the gallery to Mr. Jung?
Yes. He'll be there to arrest them
any minute.
That's good to hear.
We wouldn't even be in this situation
if you didn't host such stupid events.
This gallery is not your playground!
Forgive me, sir.
I'm so sorry, Chairman Jang.
This isn't only going to affect you.
I've got…
[screams]
Would you shut it?
I'm trying to think.
She put us in a bad position.
Obviously, she doesn't think at all!
You should probably get out of the country
while you're still allowed to travel.
You want him to run?
Let them come after me.
I said I'd take the fall.
Unfortunately, everything in those files
points directly to the chairman.
In two seconds,
they'll be able to track the IP address
at the gallery to your home.
Han-seo.
What you need to do
is book me on the next flight to New York.
Right.
-[sighs]
-[door closes]
-[Joon-woo screams]
-[stomping]
[crying]
-[smashing]
-[shrieking]
-[Do-hee cries]
-[hysterical shout]
[sobs]
[Joon-woo] I want proof before I go.
Vincenzo dead with a bullet in his head.
[brush scraping]
We just finish cleaning up, sir.
And we found something
that might interest you.
[Hwang-gyu]
Ms. Choi's number under recent calls.
[pouring water]
[scoffs]
Good to know. Excellent job.
[beeps, line rings]
-[Luca in Italian] Yes, Consigliere.
-[in English] Hey, Luca.
[suspenseful music]
[sobs]
[phone buzzes]
[ominous music]
RESTRICTED NUMBER
Your hit squad failed again.
Vincenzo just won't disappear quietly,
will he?
[scoffs]
[crying]
The Mafia's bests aren't so good
after all, huh.
Look at the feathers. They look like
the idiots from Home Alone.
This is your fault.
You hired them.
[foreboding music]
[Ms. Choi] I'm sorry, sir.
I'll come to the airport with you.
We should go now.
[foreboding music continues]
[police siren blares]
[Mr. Jang] Keep them away from us.
[Joon-woo] Forget it.
[tires screech]
ARREST WARRANT
I wanted to witness
this historical day in person.
This might make your career.
I think it might end yours.
Please go ahead.
As soon as we're ready,
I'll come see you, Chairman.
[suspenseful music]
[clinking]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Inzaghi coos]
[cooing continues]
-[sighs]
-[Inzaghi chirps]
[serene music]
-Inzaghi.
-[Inzaghi coos]
Good timing on repaying the favor.
-[coos]
-That's what it was.
Wasn't it?
I'm imagining things.
A pigeon can't save a man's life.
[serene music continues]
[Inzaghi coos]
-[phone buzzes]
-[sighs]
[Cha-young] There's a news embargo.
Jang Han-seok's been arrested.
Prosecutor Jung will announce it
at a press conference tomorrow morning.
[inhales deeply]
[in Italian]
Good job.
It's perfect.
Thank you very much, Ms. Oh.
[Cha-young]
I wonder what's in this letter.
Wait. Don't read it yet.
When you get home, okay?
[somber music]
[rustling papers]
[wistful music]
[wistful music continues]
-Come on, come on.
-[Yeon-jin] Hi guys!
-[Mr. Lee] We're late.
-[overlapping chatter]
[Vincenzo] Ready for this?
This is kind of thanks to us.
We helped put an end
to Babel's reign of terror.
Don't you agree, Ms. Hong?
Yes. Your fantastic teamwork
is gonna put that guy behind bars.
[newscaster] Prosecutor Jung In-kuk
will now make an announcement…
All right, it's starting.
-This should be good.
-[Vincenzo] Here we go.
[cameras clicking on TV]
-Good morning.
-[Yeon-jin] He's on.
I'm Prosecutor Jung In-kuk
of the Namdongbu Prosecutor's Office.
Over the past 12 months,
I've been leading an investigation
into the Babel Group Companies.
Corporate corruption was being examined
at every level from financial market
manipulation to criminal activities.
That's it! There you go!
-For once, I am proud.
-[Cha-young giggles]
[Mr. Jung] Our team worked hard
on this case,
which is why
I must tell the truth here today.
When I first started as a prosecutor,
I went after Chairman Jang Guk-hwan.
My investigation was overzealous.
As a result, I was demoted.
In this case, my personal feelings
influenced my work.
I tried to indict Babel's new chairman
Jang Han-seok
on unsubstantiated charges.
Does he sound sorry?
[Mr. Jung] I crossed the line again
and caused potential damage
to Babel's sterling reputation…
Do you think it's possible
he's been possessed?
He played us, Mr. Nam. Jung got bought.
Yeah. He betrayed all of us.
[scoffs]
[Mr. Jung]
I am holding this press conference
to set justice back on the right track,
and ensure Namdongbu retains the trust
this office has worked so hard to achieve.
From now on, I promise to serve
the people of our country.
I have to admit, I didn't see this one
coming at all, Ms. Choi.
If this were a soap opera or something,
let's say it's too far-fetched, huh.
[Mr. Jung] Moreover…
You can't make this up,
I'll tell you that much.
[Mr. Jung] …to Babel Group.
And to Chairman Jang Han-seok personally.
I apologize for any harm
-caused by my wrongdoings.
-That's totally okay.
-[both laugh]
-He's such an arrogant jerk.
I knew he would cave in immediately
because he couldn't make anything stick.
NAMDONGBU OFFICE PRESS CONFERENCE
ON THE BABEL INVESTIGATION
What about me, you asshole?
Stop bowing and apologize.
[Mr. Jang chuckles]
It's not the last time
you bow to us, though.
[laughs]
[Mr. Jung] As of today, all the charges
against Babel will be dropped,
and the investigation will be closed.
I take full responsibility
for the confusion I've caused.
[shatters]
[all gasp]
[Cha-young breathes shakily]
-[Mr. Nam] Ms. Hong…
-[door closes]
[sighs]
-Wow.
-[sighs]
He won't talk to us now.
I don't wanna talk to him,
I wanna punch him.
[Vincenzo sighs]
I know you're upset but you can't go.
Not right now.
This is unbelievably cruel.
He was Babel's worst nightmare next to us
but he turned traitor overnight.
[somber music]
[sighs]
[Cha-young sobs]
[exhales]
[Cha-young] Why didn't we see this coming?
You can dodge an enemy dagger
once it's been thrown.
But not one the enemy keeps from view.
Doesn't this make you angry?
Angry?
[sighs]
I'm furious.
I've just been through it before.
[somber music continues]
I will make that bastard
regret his decision.
He's gonna pay no matter what.
But making a move right now
will hurt us in the long run.
To make him pay…
we use our heads, not our hearts.
[Cha-young exhales]
So if this was where it was headed,
you could have made less noise.
[scoffs]
I was trying to be thorough,
and I went overboard.
You're going to lay low and serve
a two-week suspension as a formality.
while this blows over.
You'll get a promotion
when you come back to work.
You'll need, uh, to move
into a bigger office.
Mr. Seo's is free.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Something you need?
I would like some protection
for my family and myself.
The Mafia could decide to come after us.
[chuckles]
[Joon-woo] Can we go now?
[ominous music]
You are in no position to make demands.
Not with what I obtained
against you and your company.
I'm sitting on the kind of proof
nightmares are made of.
Unless I decide to make it disappear.
What would that be worth to you?
What office will you trade me
for this information?
Oh.
Was this a practical joke?
[laughs]
[inhales deeply]
Why now, Mr. Jung?
Because the time is right.
You've made my life miserable.
Why didn't you come to me sooner?
I required help.
Vincenzo was the only one
who could get the leverage I needed.
So let me ask you again.
How high are you willing to go?
Namdongbu Chief Prosecutor.
Make it Prosecutor General…
at least.
Now you're being greedy.
Because I'm in possession of something…
that allows me to be.
The Guillotine file.
[Joon-woo] Do you know where the file is
and who got their hands on it?
"One ring to rule them all."
My precious.
[ominous music]
How come there aren't any guards?
[grunts]
Honey.
Seung-min!
Honey? Seung-min!
Seung-min! Honey!
[Mr. Jung's wife] Hey.
Daddy.
[chuckles]
[Mr. Jung panting]
[in Italian]
Hello, my friend.
[in English]
[Seung-min] Daddy.
Hmm?
[Seung-min whispering]
Your friend from Italy is really nice
and so handsome.
-[Seung-min giggles]
-[nervous chuckle]
You should have mentioned
he was coming for dinner.
Our guest ended up cooking.
Mm-hm. His spaghetti is delicious.
-Uh, you liked it?
-Uh-huh.
Seung-min.
You must be hungry.
Seung-min, I think your dad
has a monster appetite.
We need to catch up.
A lot's happened since last time.
-[Mr. Jung's wife] Have a seat, honey.
-Sure.
[Vincenzo] Seung-min.
Can you help me cook
some more spaghetti for your dad?
-Yes.
-[Vincenzo] Great.
I'll show you how to make it.
[ominous music]
[Mr. Jung] I don't care if you kill me,
as long as you leave my family alone.
Lucky for you,
I don't go after the innocent.
If there's something I can do
to make you spare me, I'll do it.
You just have to name it.
When someone becomes truly evil,
there's this thing they do.
They cross a line
where shame has no meaning.
And you have crossed that line.
I'm sorry.
[Mr. Jung] Please.
Don't kill me. I'm begging you.
[scoffs]
I don't plan on killing you yet.
Because it's a very generous thing
to kill a traitor early.
[breathing heavily]
[Mr. Jung yelps]
[grunts]
[shudders]
Live it up, Mr. Jung.
When you have everything you ever wanted…
that's when I'll kill you.
[breathing heavily]
[shudders]
-[Vincenzo] Oh.
-[coughs]
And cook pasta for your daughter
more often.
She says that when you
take them out to dinner,
you don't let them order what they want.
That's pretty shameful.
[Mr. Jung whimpers]
[breathes shakily]
[pants]
[tense music]
Brother.
Set up a meeting with Oh Jeong-bae
of Daechang Daily.
I don't really know him, though.
[sighs]
Before I call, would you mind telling me
why you want the meeting?
I wanna discuss a feature
on Babel Chems' batteries
and electric vehicle production.
Well, I'll just put Director Chun on
like we usually do.
Chun won't cut it.
My goal is to get an increase
on stock prices.
I need Oh for this.
Mm, you know, we haven't actually
developed either of those technologies.
I have no intention
of making any kind of vehicle.
We get the stocks prices up
and bail, okay?
Wow.
You're always thinking
of brilliant stuff, you know.
I know I can never come up with that.
Stop trying to kiss my ass, huh.
I need you to do something.
Take care of the gallery director.
We can't have her yapping
about all of this. Hmm?
And this time, be thorough.
You're overdue.
[Joon-woo sighs]
[door closes]
I had my hair just right today.
[utensils clinking]
[clanks]
I haven't been able to sleep
since that traitor betrayed everyone.
I don't get it.
-I know.
-Mm.
[Mr. Lee]
We're not the ones who were betrayed,
and still, it just feels so personal.
-You know why that is?
-[Yeon-jin] Why?
We care. We're interested
in what's happening around us.
We are all working like dogs
until Mr. Cassano came along
and changed things.
Since then we've all been different.
-Ah…
-It's true we're really different.
I don't think we cared about rich people,
or the law, or half the stuff
we learned about.
[Mr. Tak] I'm not very educated,
but this has opened a new way
of looking at things.
Mr. Cassano told me something really cool
when he was on my case.
"We become what we think, Yeong-ho."
So if I think I'm strong,
then I'll be strong.
Hah! He's not wrong.
I mean, we're a team.
Mr. Cassano needs our help,
I'll answer, "Present, sir."
-Good.
-[Yeon-jin] Fine.
But you stay out of trouble, okay?
-"But you stay out of trouble, okay?"
-Our baby's gonna need you.
[Hui-su] You…
changed your minds?
You might try to start a family?
That's right. We're trying for a baby now.
-[Hui-su] Wow.
-[Mr. Tak] Great news!
-[Hui-su] I'm so happy for you.
-[Mr. Tak] Have some meat.
Babies need iron.
It's great news for us
because you'll fight a lot less.
-You'll be too tired.
-[all laugh]
-I hope so.
-[Yeong-ho] That's great.
-Oh, stop smirking.
-[Mr. Tak] Eat! You need your strength.
[Hui-su] This is so exciting.
-Your kids will be gorgeous.
-[Mr. Lee laughs]
[slow jazz music]
Mm.
Timeless.
Hmm.
Help me out.
What do you think?
[Vincenzo] It's nice.
But didn't you buy enough the other day?
It's actually for a gift.
I wanna give it to Ms. Oh
when we see her later.
I wanna take her somewhere nice
away from the hospital
while there's still time.
Oh.
It's not too much for her?
Her doctor confirmed she can go out
for an hour or two not too far.
She hasn't gone out or dressed up in ages.
You should pick something out for her.
You have pretty good taste.
[light music]
Since you're the one
who bought it for her,
I think it's best
if your mother gets it from you.
That's all right. It's from both of…
Wait.
Don't look so shocked.
I'm holding you to it, though.
How did you find out she's my mother?
Your dad?
Never.
He respected his client's privacy
and never shared any details with me.
Then how did you know?
Your behavior.
You paid her medical bills.
You took on Shinkwang Bank
even if you hated pretending.
And you both said the same thing
about bungeoppang and ingeoppang.
It was obvious then that you are her son.
[wistful music]
You know…
I'm generally allergic to getting involved
in people's family matters.
But I'm gonna make an exception this once.
Your mother's time is running out quickly.
Why don't you tell her who you are now?
You've been given a great opportunity.
Your mother and you deserve
to get to know each other.
[sighs]
[Cha-young] Remember what you told me?
"Regret is the most painful feeling
life can hand you."
Turns out it's very true.
I'm hoping you don't make yourself
feel the pain that I feel
by not telling her.
[wistful music continues]
[cup clinks]
[gasps]
Oh, this is so beautiful.
[Ms. Oh exclaims]
I've never had anything so fancy.
It's perfect, Mr. Cassano. Thank you.
It was nothing.
Don't believe him, Ms. Oh.
He took over an hour
to choose that bag for you.
[Ms. Oh] What?
-[Cha-young chuckles softly]
-You've done so much already.
I don't think…
taking me out is such a good idea.
I get tired so easily.
It's too much of an inconvenience.
No, it isn't.
It's possible I have to work that day
but Mr. Cassano is all set.
Aren't you?
Yes.
You both work so hard.
-I don't want to be a burden.
-Mm-mm.
That's enough.
All you need to worry about is deciding
where you wanna go first.
Okay.
She needs to rest. We should go now.
Mm.
[Ms. Oh] Ms. Hong, wait.
There's something I want to tell you.
[heart monitor beeping]
I would like…
your help to ask for a retrial.
Are you sure?
Yes.
[inhales deeply]
What made you change your mind, Ms. Oh?
Actually…
there hasn't been a single day
I haven't wanted a retrial.
I thought of asking for one every day.
[Ms. Oh inhales deeply]
But I couldn't.
I was too scared.
I didn't have enough courage
to face it again.
But now…
there's not much that I am afraid of.
I found courage in facing death.
[Ms. Oh inhales deeply]
It's a lot to ask of you.
Do you think you can do it?
[wistful music]
Mr. Cassano, what do you think?
Both of us would be working on it.
Yes.
Let's motion for retrial.
[gasps]
I'll get the ball rolling.
Thank you so much.
It means so much to me.
[Ms. Oh breathing heavily]
[wistful music]
[exhales]
[distant car horns honking]
Your father has been gone two years now.
[chuckles]
And you haven't come
to see me once since then.
[both chuckle]
Life got in the way. You know how it is.
[laughs]
But why are things so crazy
over at Babel, huh?
Daechang's never worked so hard
figuring out how to cover for you.
-I will repay the favor.
-[chuckles]
Did Han-seo explained what I want?
Uh, a feature on Babel Chems' batteries
for electric vehicles.
But, Han-seok, even elementary school kids
invest in stocks nowadays.
You wanna risk playing the market?
Just print the article I requested.
I'll worry about the risk.
Why does a woman as beautiful as you
need to flee the country
on such short notice?
I made…
a fatal mistake. I blew it.
[Do-hee] And my life isn't even enough
to make up for it.
-[Mr. Park] Ah…
-[Do-hee sobs]
You must feel awful.
Luckily, we can help you.
We actually have a spot.
You can be up and away
by the end of the day.
The flight, you're absolutely sure
it's nonstop to Taiwan?
Yes, of course. The wind is strong today.
You could get all the way to Cebu
under these conditions.
Is it possible that we'll go further
than intended?
[laughs]
Yes. Balloon travel
is kinda hit or miss, you know.
You can back out. No worries.
-Cancel the--
-[Do-hee] I'll take it. I'll take it.
The contract. All the information's there.
-[phone beeps]
-[Ms. Yang] Oh.
Huh?
Can you please stop squawking?
It's bothering our client.
[Mr. Park clicks tongue]
I just picked up a hot stock tip.
[Ms. Yang] Daechang is preparing
to publish an article
to promote Babel Chemicals,
and their innovative batteries
for electric cars.
-Let me know if you have any questions.
-Okay, I will.
Maybe I should get some of that stock.
[bangs on table]
[slams]
[Cha-young]
These Babel assholes won't die.
And they're making even more money.
How? Why?
-[Vincenzo clears throat]
-[Cha-young sighs]
Would it make you feel better
to have some coffee?
I am not in the mood
to drink coffee right now.
And I'm not in the mood
to go over there and make it.
Okay.
[light music]
[Cha-young grunts]
[sighs]
I wanna murder that traitor.
All that effort
and Babel ends up getting stronger!
You didn't make Jung pay
for what he did last night,
and I wanna know why.
He's paying in installments.
Hmm.
Is it possible he's only pretending
to have switched sides
so he can expose all of Babel's secrets
-from within the organization?
-Here, have some.
In the entire history of this country,
that scenario
has never played out, Mr. Nam.
Hah! Luckily, we don't need Jung.
-What's in the box?
-[Vincenzo inhales deeply]
Nothing.
Just a file I found.
The Guillotine file.
You told us you couldn't get to it
because you accidentally threw it
in the secret room.
-I did? Really?
-Yes.
Interesting.
[chuckles]
[suspenseful music]
[gasps]
-Wow.
-Yes.
Nice move, Vincenzo Cassano.
That give us serious ammunition. Let's go!
Load it up online,
it will go viral in an hour!
-No, we can't do that.
-Why not?
Going viral wouldn't really hurt them.
None of the people in here
would end paying for what they did.
This file wasn't created
to expose the truth to others.
This file is for evil people
to exploit each other.
Only an evil person knows
what it's good for.
So we can use it the same way they would.
Manipulating any of those people
as we see fit.
-Mm.
-You guys…
that is plain scary.
But have you taken a look?
No, I haven't.
I wanted you to be here for it.
-[chuckles]
-[Cha-young] Mr. Nam.
-Go, go, go. The laptop. Bring it.
-Right. Oh, I'm on it.
[Mr. Han sighs]
Something just doesn't feel right
about this. Hmm.
I think your brother and Prosecutor Jung
struck a bargain.
Yeah, over the file that the prosecutor
got a hold of from the gallery.
I think there's more, don't you?
No, that file's more than enough.
He's got him.
On tax evasion, for starters.
Illegal stock purchases
and money laundering.
My gut is telling me…
there's a plan behind it.
What kind of plan? What else is there?
What do you know?
-Not much at the moment.
-Me neither.
Anyway, jury is
on your brother's side now.
It was smooth sailing
with the Daechang Daily deal.
And the chairman will be more powerful
than ever unfortunately.
[ominous music]
[mouse clicking]
PROSECUTION
[Cha-young] Wow.
Wow, this is even worse
than tabloid fodder. Hah!
It's unbelievable.
They could only get some of these things
using illegal surveillance.
Babel should be one of our first targets.
And Daechang Daily.
Daechang's one I've been waiting for.
I hate those trashy lowlives.
Newspapers could be used
as toilet paper back in the day.
But now, there's no use for them.
I mean, this so-called newspaper
publishes the most outrageous stories
and people believe it. It makes no sense.
It keeps working
and they have a huge audience.
-Why would they change?
-I would love to see them go under.
Like a detox for our eyes and ears.
Let's start trying to pit each company
against the other.
What? Like a fight?
You can't make them go after each other.
[Cha-young] Yes, we can.
The Guillotine file is our weapon.
Right, it will be a devil
versus devil massacre.
Here.
-[door opens]
-[Vincenzo] Take a look.
[mysterious music]
[chuckles]
Wow, your office…
is very quaint. Old-fashioned. I like it.
-[Mr. Nam] Hmm.
-[Vincenzo chuckles]
What are you doing here?
What? Are you closed?
[rustling]
I brought you a gift.
Fancy coffee beans. The Kopi Luwak.
I hope you like them.
It's made from berries and civet poop.
-Very rare.
-He literally gave us crap.
Who's that guy?
[Ms. Choi] I can't decide if Vincenzo
was born under a lucky star
or if he's a mastermind,
but it's impressive.
The Guillotine file and 15 tons of gold.
Who would ever think
to look for it in that shithole?
It's a formidable weapon.
With that file, you can control anyone
with any kind of power.
And you can bring them
to their knees before you.
[breathes deeply]
Sounds a bit like the ring
from Lord of the Rings.
[Ms. Choi]
You've seen it, so you must know.
If it falls into the wrong hands,
it'll cause problems.
Only those with minds like ours
are meant to possess it and do it justice.
[sips]
[Joon-woo exhales]
Let's get Geumga Plaza demolished
as soon as we can
and get the Guillotine file
to its rightful heir.
Oh.
And you're welcome
to help yourself to some gold too.
Sure.
I'm happy to accept.
Thank you, Mr. Nam.
So lovely of you.
Here.
Hold on. Hold on.
I don't want this.
I want some of the coffee I brought you.
Too bad you didn't bring
a coffee maker then.
Wow. Your working conditions here
are awful.
[slurps]
Hah! This is bitter as hell.
What did you do to it?
[clears throat]
You had a meeting
where you asked Mr. Cassano
to get rid of your brother for you.
If he had, I'd still be out celebrating.
But instead, I'm in this crappy office
talking to you.
You let me down, you know.
I made myself clear.
I refuse to exploit
these family situations.
All right, I didn't tell you this
because I was flustered.
I don't want to betray Han-seok at all.
What I want is to stop…
anyone else from being killed.
-Hmm.
-Babel needs to start with a clean slate
-and I can do that.
-[Cha-young] Is it me
or have you been hitting the books?
You sound kind of educated.
-[chuckles]
-[Cha-young] Hmm.
You want me to kill your brother
so Babel can start over.
Is that what you're saying?
-One hundred percent.
-Uh-huh.
I am Babel's only hope… because I love it.
It's not just about the money.
We can do so much good, but first
we have to get the evil people out.
I'm sure you have the resources.
Why are you coming to us?
I don't.
He may be a psychopath,
but my brother is brilliant.
You two are even smarter, though.
I like what you're saying.
But do you deserve to lead?
I read everything I can almost every day.
Economics, Humanities, Management.
The books I've been reading,
they would fill this room.
-And reports, just like this.
-Hmm.
How about a quiz?
A pop quiz? You're brutal.
Fine.
Okay. Okay.
I'm ready.
-[Cha-young] Hmm.
-Hit me. Hit me.
Adam Smith's Wealth of Nations
introduces a theory of market equilibrium
due to this hand.
-The polite hand.
-Wrong.
It's invisible.
As the economy grows,
government expenditures and a country's
gross national product increase.
-Name this law.
-[snaps]
-The Law of the Jungle.
-Wrong.
Wagner's law. Come on.
[Vincenzo] This next one should be easy.
You improve your company's performance
by learning something
from your competitors.
It's a term that originated
with land surveyors.
Starts with bench.
Bench. Bench… bench pressing!
Bench pressing!
Wrong. Benchmarking.
-Get out.
-No.
Hold on.
I got half of them, right?
-[laughs]
-No, you got 100 percent wrong.
Pretty sure the polite hand counts.
If you want us to help you,
hit the books harder.
Until you pass the test,
we don't work together.
I'm not in grade school. I don't want to.
-We make the rules.
-Go on.
[Mr. Jang] This is so unfair.
You can't…
Hold on. Do you mean it?
If I manage to pass the quiz
when I come back,
then we'll… really work together?
[laughs]
-[Mr. Jang chuckles]
-Leave.
Okay. I guess I'll go now.
Give me a hint for the next quiz?
Mr. Nam. Please.
-Is there such a thing as polite hand?
-[laughs]
I have two of them.
I played along for fun
but would you really help him?
Mm…
[romantic music]
I've become kind of obsess
with taking Vincenzo out.
And meanwhile, that guy
has taken what I cherish the most.
RDU-90.
BLSD.
My Babel Tower.
The whole gallery structure.
-My money!
-[glasses clink]
[Ms. Choi clears throat]
What can I take…
to make him suffer for what he's done?
He needs to lose something important.
[Ms. Choi] Once he's dead, it's over.
He wouldn't suffer long.
If you want irreparable damage…
you need to go after his family.
What for?
Are they involved in this?
To the average person,
the most important thing is family.
Oh, okay.
I think I might have heard that before.
Hmm.
Let's go with family then.
YEONGHO SNACK BAR
[playful music]
No offense, but you look exhausted.
I can barely see straight.
I haven't eaten or gone to the bathroom
since I opened the file.
As soon as we're done here,
I'll go numb my mind--
That file will be the death of you
if you don't start taking bathroom breaks.
Toxins, you know.
[whispers]
The Guillotine file had a whole section
of Oh Jeong-bae,
the Daechang Daily's owner.
Talk about toxins.
It'd give me nightmares
if I had slept at all.
Worse than the chairman?
Actually, he killed his own brother
so it's close.
[Cha-young]
Wow, so Daechang's just as dirty.
Why do these guys
all hate their family so much?
Why did he do it?
They were fighting over the business.
He won, when he pushed his brother
off a cliff.
[tense music]
[Mr. Nam] The two of them
were out hiking one day,
and he just shoved him over the edge.
[Mr. Oh breathes heavily]
[Vincenzo]
There mustn't have been any witnesses.
How did anyone know about it?
[Mr. Nam] The environmental
monitoring camera caught him in the act.
But it wasn't the police
who saw the security footage.
It was obtained by the International
Security Intelligence Service.
The ISIS must have used it
to blackmail Oh.
He got away with it
in exchange for a deal.
Correct, Ms. Hong.
Killing your own brother.
What kind of a person does that, hmm?
[Mr. Nam] You heard all of that?
I tried not to,
then you started whispering
and I couldn't resist.
[giggles]
Your secret's safe with me. I'm good.
Shh.
Mr. Nam, what else did you find?
He has utter and blind faith
in a bogus shaman.
[tinkling]
You will encounter a man
who has matured over 10,000 months
and is set to make his mark.
[Mr. Nam]
When he needs to make a decision,
for work or family, no matter how big,
he does what the shaman tells him.
But the shaman's a crook.
Convicted multiple times
for fraud and sexual harassment
when he was running a cult.
Mr. Oh knows nothing about all that.
Wow. He believes the fake shaman?
He prints fake news.
How can he be so easily fooled?
That's human nature, Ms. Hong. That's all.
The less you know about something,
the easier you believe it.
What if he's not a fraud?
It's best to double check.
[Mr. Nam slurps]
I'll go finish reading that scary file.
[muffled grunting]
[Mr. Lee] Quiet. Don't move.
[groans]
There is no doubt about it.
Daechang Daily's always been
the best for kindling.
When a paper's full of this much bullshit,
the only thing it's good for
is starting a fire.
Hey. What are you doing?
Waiting for you to predict our futures
with a reading.
Your what?
-[lighter clinks]
-Hey.
[lighter clinking]
Who… Who are you guys?
I'm assuming you know that you'll burn
to death in approximately five minutes.
[puffs]
Of course he knows.
The shaman knows everything.
So he knows the fall might kill him
before he burns to death?
Of course. He's dreamed about it.
[huffs]
I know nothing.
I heard some people
managed to change their fate.
-Haven't you?
-As long as they answer
-all of my questions.
-Hmm.
I don't understand what's happening, sirs.
Do you think his customers know
he run a cult
and got himself arrested four times
on fraud and sexual harassment charges?
-I don't know.
-I don't tell my customers all that.
Well, tonight…
you get an opportunity to speak up.
Hmm?
-A word first--
-I'll put this down.
-See, it's full.
-Oh, right. Quick moment of silence.
-[Mr. Lee] Oh, that's nice.
-[Vincenzo] May he he rest in peace.
No, don't do that. Please stop.
It's over. Let's do it.
-Go on.
-[Mr. Lee] Will you lift your legs?
-[Biryu] Why do you want to lift my legs?
-Move the head first.
-Hold on.
-[Mr. Lee] Lamp oil…
I'll talk. Ask me anything.
-Light the newspaper.
-[Biryu] Wait! I said… I said I'll talk.
-Use the Daechang Daily.
-[overlapping chatter]
-[puffs]
-[Vincenzo] Fire.
Stop the burning. Stop. Stop it.
All right.
Babel Group and Daechang Daily
are due for a lesson.
We'll vote for the person
best suited to play the shaman.
[applause]
-Yeah.
-[all cheer]
[Mr. An] Yeah. Okay.
Please choose wisely, okay?
-This person has to act the part.
-[Su-nam] Yeah.
[Jeokha clears throat]
[suspenseful music]
[Mr. An] Thank you, sir.
Now, we've all had a chance to vote.
Now we find out which person
has been selected by team Geumga Plaza.
Our shaman.
-[Mr. Lee] Yeah!
-[cheering, whooping]
VINCENZO
-"Vincenzo."
-[all] Whoa.
Me?
Oh. This isn't a joke.
-You should do it.
-You think so?
"Mr. Cassano."
[Cha-young snorts]
"Vincenzo Casanova,
Corn Salad. I love you."
I… uh…
-[laughs]
-It's not funny.
-[Mr. An] "Vincenzo."
-[Mr. Park] Whoo.
-"Vitamin-cenzo."
-Are you serious?
-"Mr. Vin."
-What are you guys doing?
-[Mr. An] "Mr. Vin, Vincenzo. Vincenzo."
-[Vincenzo] Come on.
-[Mr. An] "Mr. Cassano."
-[tenants chuckle]
-[sighs]
-"Vincenzo. Vincenzo Quassano."
-[Yeon-jin] "Quassano"?
-[Mr. Nam] "Quassano"?
"Vincenzo or Mr. Quassano."
So…
It could be unanimous.
It's the last ballot.
Ah, I'm sure everybody's fine
with not checking the last one.
Vincen… "Hong Cha-young."
[tenants] Oh.
[chuckles]
It's not funny!
-It was you, wasn't it?
-[Mr. An] There you have it.
It's official.
Mr. Cassano's new name is shaman.
[all cheer]
[applause]
-Yeah!
-Cassano!
[all chanting]
Vincenzo! Vincenzo! Vincenzo!
Vincenzo! Vincenzo!
HOW BABEL CHEMICALS BECAME
THE LEADER IN THE EV MARKET
[foreboding music]
CEO OH JEONG-BAE
[phone beeps]
Shaman Biryu.
Uh, I have an important matter
I need your help with.
No? But I'm your best client.
Please, sir. Please.
I can no longer communicate
with the spirits.
-The holy mountain deity has left me.
-Ah.
Don't say that.
I'm sure it's just a temporary setback.
The mountain deity knows I need you.
[Biryu grunts]
Please, Shaman.
-Mr. Oh, I speak only the truth.
-I know.
The gift is gone.
But I know a really powerful shaman.
-Ah--
-Hold on, hold on.
He's better at communicating
with the spiritual beings than I am.
-Uh--
-I mean it. You must go to him.
That is what's written.
-[Yeon-jin] Five, hmm.
-[Mr. Tak] Number six.
[Yeon-jin]
I think we might be here a while.
[Mr. Tak]
I'll try not to be more than five minutes.
[Yeon-jin]
Don't rush. I hear he's really good.
-[Mr. Tak] Oh, yeah.
-[Yeon-jin] Uh-huh.
[Mr. Tak] Oh, that's good news.
-I can't wait to go in there.
-Oh, relax.
I am five and you're six, so what's next?
YOUNG MASTER YEORIM
-Who has four?
-[Mi-ri] I do. I'm four.
PARK HYO SHRINE
-Hold on!
-You can't just cut in front of us.
You can't just waltz through here.
-You need a number.
-Right.
-Get back in the line.
-You saw us here.
Do you think we were standing in line
just for the fun of it?
-Wait your turn.
-[Mr. Tak] Right.
-See?
-[Mr. Lee] Hmm.
I have a reservation.
[all gasp]
-Ah! Reservation.
-Ah!
I didn't know you could make those.
Please, you can skip the line.
[Yeon-jin chuckles]
I'm jealous.
-[Mr. Tak] Yeah.
-Wow.
-Way to go.
-You're smart.
-[Mi-ri] Brilliant.
-[Yeon-jin] Wow.
-[Yeon-jin] Have a good session.
-[Mr. Tak] Hmm.
-[Mr. Lee] I'm so jealous.
-[Yeon-jin] Good luck.
-[Mr. Tak] Good luck.
-[Yeon-jin] Whoo.
This is your first time with us?
Yes. Uh…
Shaman Biryu recommended you.
-I'm Daechang's--
-"Daechang."
We welcome you.
Young Master Yeorim is eager to meet you.
Thank you.
[clears throat]
[Mr. Oh clears throat]
[mysterious music]
[mysterious music continues]
OH, INZAGHI
Such an interesting name…
you picked for a shrine.
We chose it in honor of Chief State
Councilor Park Hyo of Joseon.
He found enlightenment at high altitude.
That's how he came to be a mountain deity.
That is why we worship Park Hyo Shin.
-By "Shin" we mean god.
-[Mr. Oh snorts]
[chuckles]
[Mr. Oh clears throat]
[inhales deeply]
[sighs]
Yes. I understand.
♪ The long shadow follows you ♪
[inhales sharply]
You must know…
I'm here to get some answers
to my questions.
But I'm not sure
if you would like me to ask…
or perhaps you would prefer to guess?
Get out.
Master Yeorim
does not speak to lost souls.
Answer my questions.
Mm. Mm.
No spirits show themselves
to those who lack humility.
Who do you think you're talking to?
You're a charlatan, not a shaman!
[grunts]
Jeong-bae.
Wait.
"Jeong-bae"?
[Mr. Oh]
How dare you call me by my first name?
-I'm your brother, Jeong-bae.
-What?
I'm so cold.
[shivers]
[grunts]
[Vincenzo groans]
[quivers]
I'm cold.
My hands are…
I'm so cold.
[ominous music]
You shove me off the cliff
and left me alone.
Why did you do that? Huh?
-[whimpers]
-[gasps]
[Mr. Oh shudders]
[shivers]
Cold.
-He's gone. How could…
-[Vincenzo] I'm so cold.
[grunts]
Help me up already, Jeong-bae.
It's cold here.
-Just get me out, Jeong-bae.
-[Mr. Oh shudders]
-Go away. Go away!
-[trembles]
-Get away from me!
-[all scream]
-Let go, let go.
-[Mr. Nam] His spirit!
-You're his brother.
-Let go now!
[Mr. Oh whimpers]
-Jeong-bae. Jeong-bae.
-[Mr. Oh screams]
-No! No!
-I'm cold, Jeong-bae.
Please help. I'm freezing here.
[Vincenzo] Jeong-bae, I'm so cold.
[Mr. Oh shrieks]
Get away from me!
They're good.
[Mr. Oh breathes heavily]
Why are there…
so many burdens in my life?
Your burdens aren't what weighs on you,
it's your weak character.
Huh?
The weaker your moral code is,
the more your burdens will drag you down
like a ball and chain.
I see.
Do you want to know
how you'll die, Mr. Oh?
Yes. Please tell me how.
[mysterious music]
[suspenseful music]
BABEL
[exhales]
Babel will lead you to your death
unless you commit to immediately cut ties.
[whimpers]
So my hardships disappear
if I break with them?
You not only have to sever the ties.
Babel's total destruction
must be your one and only focus.
Huh?
It's the only way you can break the curse.
You…
[shudders]
You don't know what you're asking me.
-[groans, clicks tongue]
-[banging]
[suspenseful music]
What's five?
[clicking tongue]
It seems your days are numbered.
[gasps]
Sorry.
No…
Five days, so short.
[Cha-young grunts]
[hums]
-[scoffs]
-You know what?
I hurt everywhere.
Too much drama even for me.
[Cha-young exhales]
You know what the supreme irony is?
This guy is so superstitious
when his business is sharing facts.
The reason he's superstitious
is because he's not interested in facts.
-[gasps]
-More drama?
Moron.
The file.
I meant to mention this to you earlier.
But with all of this, I forgot.
I found a lot of shocking things
regarding Jang Han-seok
when I was doing my research.
-Like what?
-[Mr. Nam] For starters,
the reason he was sent to study abroad
is he murdered four classmates.
He made two of them dive off a rooftop
because he didn't like them too much.
One, he hunted in the woods like a tiger
when they were up hiking.
He killed the last one
because he stole the ball
when they were playing
a soccer game at school.
He strangled the poor kid
with the goaltenders net.
[scoffs]
Creepier still?
[boy choking]
JANG HAN-SEOK
[eerie music]
[tense music]
[Mr. Nam] He took the dead boy's watches
and kept them like some kind of trophy.
He even bragged about what he had done
like it was an accomplishment.
He bragged about the murders?
He was diagnosed as a psychopath
around his 16th birthday.
That's why his father arranged for him
to go to the States.
He was afraid the killing spree
would keep going.
Han-seo suffered too.
He was constantly scared,
tortured and beaten.
So he's been under a therapist's care
since he was a little boy.
He uses drugs mostly to try to forget.
I'm sorry for him
but he shouldn't do drugs.
They're so bad for you.
Anyway, their dad,
Jang Guk-hwan, fixed it.
He paid a whole lot of people, so…
it could be their secret.
That explains why he was so hard
to defeat.
He's a monster.
A real one.
[digital trilling]
BABEL SUSPECTED TO HAVE MADE
FALSE STATEMENTS TO RAISE STOCK VALUE
[tense music]
[chuckles]
DAECHANG DAILY
Uh, hello?
Is this a game to you?
-Did you approve this?
-[Mr. Oh] Mr. Jang.
[sighs]
It's a sign of the times. We need
to take the paper in a new direction.
Are you pissing me for something I said?
No. Of course not.
We've decided to really change course.
Daechang only printed the truth
from now on.
Seriously?
The only truth Daechang has ever known
is the one you've had dictated to you.
Watch your mouth, Han-seok.
And concentrate on cleaning up your act.
Goodbye.
Hello? Hello?
Hey!
[chiming]
[chilling music]
[shudders]
[tapping]
[Mr. Oh whimpers]
Shaman, my days are still numbered?
I did what you said. I did a…
I cut all of my ties with Babel.
Just like you told me to do.
That's not going to be enough
to spare you.
Yet?
I have to do more than tell
that demon child to get lost?
Babel's evil because their king is evil.
[eerie music]
Are you saying
Jang Han-seok
is responsible for my burdens?
He anchors you to your sordid fate.
If you shed light on his evil acts
and relieve the wandering spirits
relegated to half-life because of him,
they will rise and thank you for it.
I can raise the wandering spirits?
[exclaims]
Are you saying
that Han-seok killed someone?
[foreboding music]
[gasps]
[exclaims]
Huh…
[thuds]
Han-seok.
I'm really sorry.
Don't hit me.
Han-seok. I'm so sorry.
It's all my fault.
-I'm not the chairman. I'm not Han-seok.
-Stop strangling me.
-I'm dying.
-[Cha-young] Jang Han-seok.
-Don't strangle me. I beg you.
-[Cha-young] Jang Han-seok. I beg you.
I'm dying! I'm dying!
I'm not Han-seok! I didn't do it!
That's my watch.
That's my watch. That's my watch.
-Give it!
-[Mr. Oh whimpers]
-I'm Jeong-bae!
-I want it.
[crying]
Jang Han-seok,
leader of Babel Groups Companies
was a bully?
Also, allegedly a murderer.
[newscaster] This has come
as shocking news to the public.
On top of that,
he was never punished for his crimes,
and was able to climb the corporate ladder
and was recently sworn in as chairman.
-I mean, seriously?
-[Joon-woo laughs]
-Where were the police and prosecutors…
-What?
…in all of this?
Already, reactions are fierce
with online forums and petitions
calling for justice.
They want the chairman to pay
for the despicable actions of his youth.
-[sighs]
-…advocates have already launched a…
How did they found out?
Even Mr. Oh wouldn't know about
my teenage years.
[newscaster]
We'll update you with continuing coverage.
-Currently, Babel Group has dismissed…
-Hey.
-Did you tell?
-A press release…
You can be sure
I didn't tell them anything.
They said I do drugs and have been
in therapy since I was a baby.
You think I want that on the news?
Nah, I guess you wouldn't.
Sir, he did mention
there hadn't been an investigation
into these incidents in the past.
Who else could possibly know about this?
My old man, the detective,
and the prosecutor.
All dead now.
That means there's a leak somewhere
with someone we're not aware of.
The intent is what worries me.
Oh Jeong-bae's timing
is extremely surprising.
I'm thinking he's trying
to teach me a lesson.
[ominous music]
LIFE
[Mr. Oh breathes heavily]
It is settled.
The spirits have forgiven you.
[whimpers]
Fate smiles most generously
on brave souls, you know.
And frowns mildly on those
with no backbone.
You have demonstrated great courage. Hmm.
[sobs]
[rock music]
[crying]
Thank you!
[wailing]
Thank you. Thank you!
[suspenseful music]
[car alarm beeps]
[huffs]
[groans]
[phone buzzes]
Yes. Now is a good time.
Can you meet me in the garage?
I'm heading to the Plaza now.
It's very important.
Sure. See you soon.
Thank you.
[car door closes]
[tires screech]
[engine revs]
[car doors open]
[suspenseful music]
[goon grunts]
[groans]
[fighting grunts]
[grunts, groans]
[breathes heavily]
[goon grunts]
[pants]
[fighting grunts]
[both scream]
[grunts]
[whimpers]
[groans]
[fighting grunts]
[goon 1] Run! Hurry up!
Any idea who they are?
Sort of.
I think Prosecutor Jung sent them.
You know Jung?
[Ms. Choi] It's what I suspected.
Vincenzo set up an elaborate scheme
to exploit Jeong-bae's belief in shamans
and lure him in to something.
[Joon-woo] Such attention to detail.
How am I supposed to beat the Mafia?
[scoffs]
You know I'm curious.
How did he get a hold of so much
of my personal history?
Yes. At the moment,
that's still a mystery.
If I were to bet on it,
I would say it's from the ISIS.
How did he get his hands on it, though?
He is breaking down the alliance.
Babel and Daechang together
are too formidable an opponent.
That's why it's so insulting
for Oh Jeong-bae
to think he can do this to me.
What should we do?
Vincenzo likes to be thorough.
He can finish what he started.
Oh. Speaking of finishing things…
What's this?
Vincenzo's Korean name is Park Ju-hyeong.
[Ms. Choi] His mother gave him up
for adoption when he was little.
OH GYEONG-JA, PERSONAL DETAILS
Is his mom still alive?
Yes, she is. She's been released
from prison for treatment.
-She's currently battling cancer.
-She was in prison.
Vincenzo's mother was the housekeeper
convicted for murdering
Chairman Hwang of Shinkwang Bank.
NAMDONGBU DISTRICT COURT
RULING
[Joon-woo] Hold on.
He's responsible
for that signing ceremony fiasco.
-You think he did all of that for her?
-Yes, I do.
When he didn't think she got a fair trial,
Hong Yu-chan took on her case.
And today, a petition was filed
for a retrial
on the grounds that she had
incompetent counsel the first time.
She did?
-Who filed?
-Hong Cha-young did.
But we know it might as well be Vincenzo.
So it's safe to assume
he's been spending time with his mother.
I'm talking to our prison contacts
to find out which hospital
she was moved to.
[lighter clinks]
They dispatched Prosecutor Jung
to the ISIS five years ago.
We ended up working on the same case.
I still had a desk job there.
We found out what the Guillotine file
was really about.
And Jung thought
he could root out all the corruption
in Korea using that information.
He was desperate.
He wanted to get his hands on it,
and I came on board to help him do that.
-[lighter clinks]
-[inhales deeply]
That's back
when he was a man of principle.
Yeah.
Then the file got hacked
and it disappeared.
And I volunteered to track it down
and get it back.
And here I am, still without it.
You were betrayed by Jung
the same as I was, weren't you?
Yeah. Except he began acting different
these past few months.
I started to suspect that his reasons
for wanting that file were more personal.
Now that he's working with Jang Han-seok,
they'll all know what our setup is.
Where the file is buried…
-and the gold too.
-Right.
And they probably know a demolition
is the only way to get back in there.
[sighs deeply]
GEUMGA PLAZA
[somber music]
PETITION FOR A RETRIAL
[foreboding music]
[suspenseful music]
[panting]
Ah, shit.
[breathing heavily]
[door creaks]
[breathes heavily]
[loud thud]
[suspenseful music]
[police] Vincenzo Cassano.
You're under arrest
for the murder of Oh Jeong-bae.
[suspenseful music continues]
[cocks]
SPECIAL THANKS TO LEE HYE-JUNG
AND IM SUNG-JAE
[upbeat music]
[Cha-young] It was a setup, wasn't it?
[Joon-woo] Then we'll have to use
the most effective method.
I'll make sure no one ever gets it.
[Vincenzo]
I have to find the person who lured me.
I'll make sure everyone who tried
to build that tower will be punished.
[Ms. Choi]
He could stir up the entire nation.
[Joon-woo] To cherish Geumga Plaza
as a historical building.
[Cha-young] Make him pay.
[Vincenzo] It's time for you to die.
You will die a slow death,
experiencing it every step of the way.